Miss Norman
Mr. Stephen, please come home
What if I don't cooperate?
Then I'm afraid I have to take some measures
Do you think I'm the only one here?
Lord Fields' men will be here soon
I suggest you go away
What do you want?
Boss, I don't want to betray you either.
But they gave too much.
Go quickly
My people
Sorry boss
I didn't know he was Pando.
I know, next one.
Never killed anyone
It seems that Leslie has protected you well.
Just so scared
Why save me?
I thought if I saved you
You might be willing to help my father
I thought you would say
I don't want to die
I am not a bodhisattva
You can't close it for life.
Laurie is not a good deal
If you can't help
Can you at least not help others deal with him?
OK
In addition, as long as your spirit
I guarantee your safety.
Thanks, Ma'am.
Host Ye Nanheng's mother's surgery failed
He's dead now.
Stop crying.
I will be with you.
It's okay. It's okay.
Am I here?